hi welcome to the real Canadian roads I
am Andrew and today I'm gonna show you
how you can dress up your character like
Albert Wesker the special tactics and
Rescue Services variant from the
Resident Evil series first you're gonna
need the clothes so let's head into the
shop head over to the tops and it go
down to shirts now you're gonna want the
navy tucked head over down to the pants
go down to team pants and put on the
black combat pants while you're here
bring up your inventory BAM go down to
body armor and into show armor set it to
standard armor out you're gonna want to
pair sunglasses so go to inventory
accessories
and for glasses you'll want the black
janitor frames now to purchase those you
just set over here attending one of the
stores right and it'll be under
professional glasses there'll be the
second one down out the next thing you
need is to have your characters here
like this so when you head over to the
barbers you're gonna go to the high end
slicked and you're gonna go to blonde
and this is pretty much what skirt it
sucks but it would have been nice to be
able to give them gloves well your
character gloves but you can't select
the gloves unless you were in the combat
shirts so which is a really stupid
choice on rock stars part but hopefully
in a update from now though actually
it's you'll be able to wear the gloves
with something Denis of the shirt so
instead you're gonna go over to watches
and you're gonna put on the black watch
which is the best that we have right now
there you have it Wesker stars variant
anyhow thanks guys for watching this
video and for the support
giving us views your comments and things
of that nature it's greatly appreciated
always and seabass does extend his
thanks as well I'm a dream from the real
canadian bros you guys be safe and you
take it easy
you